Pierre Reznyak,
bike aficionado
and lover of Mont-Saint-Pierre.
Coming in from the West,
if you don't stop
in Mont-Saint-Pierre,
it's because you've lost
your sense of wonder.
There's something for everyone, for all tastes
and I think that all
bike lovers
can find
a little something
to fit their tastes.
Mountain biking
or “fatbike”,
I would say, are
the two modes
that are most adapted
to the region.
It's true, there are
many climbs.
Some slopes
are pretty steep.
I think electric bikes
make biking more accessible
in the region,
allowing more and more people
to practice
and have fun
throughout the area.
Sometimes, you get to see
moose.
deer.
These elements
are all based on natural beauty.
We have vistas
that are unique.
Every place,
every lookout is unique.
Everything you see
is more beautiful than the last.
So you always
want to keep going.
There are few places
in Quebec that allow you to do that.